hello it's Ruby and today I have a
really quick after school study with me
to share with you so at 10 to 4 I
decided to write up my to-do list and I
use momentum then I went and emptied my
bin and I emailed my friend Izzy and I
basically just did some admin bits as
you can see I was just taking off those
easier tasks some way to-do list and
then I went downstairs and had dinner
then I actually read 10% of my book
which is problems of philosophy after I
ate dinner and then I got started with
work and the first thing I did was write
up these notes on Marx's in the
Liberation Theology which was my RS
homework
this actually ended up taking me quite a
long time because I had to read the
whole chapter I think it took me just
over an hour
[Music]
but then very satisfying I got to take
it off my to-do list so then I decided
to watch Rhiannon's
new study with me because I find it's a
great way to stay motivated and then I
had some more Marxism notes to write up
so I was given this handout and I
highlighted some of it in class but I
just went through and highlighted the
rest of it and then wrote it up into my
notes
then next I wanted to finish this
pluralism Quizlet which I had started
during my lunch break at school that day
so I just made two quizlets one of them
was using that kind of essay plan
structure / format and the other one was
just key facts that I wanted to know and
this Quizlet was about 60 yeah so there
it is 54 different cards so then I've
been really trying to get some exercise
everyday and so I went up to do some
general gymnastics and a general workout
and I was listening to this podcast on
language at the same time so after doing
some general stretches I did some
sit-ups and then I also did these fruity
odd arm exercises a tremendous strength
in your arms and I did some press ups
and then I did some general gymnastics
with cartwheels and handstands and from
all cavus
and then when I went back inside I had a
shower and then I went through my
Antigone script which is the piece that
I'm doing for my grade 8 Lander exam and
I was just going to run landing this
because I've partially learned it but
not as much as I should have done and so
I just went through the piece and learnt
it really I also realized that this was
perhaps not the best angle to film this
from then the last thing that I did this
evening was start this futurelearn
course on humanism which looks really
interesting
and I really enjoyed going through it so
then I took that off my to-do list as
you can see that I didn't actually
manage to to complete everything on my
to-do list but I still think it was a
semi productive evening so thank you for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed and have a breath technique